Add `alsi-lawr/agent-term.nvim` (#2339)
rockerBOO/awesome-neovim: README.md

- [3ZsForInsomnia/vs-code-companion](https://github.com/3ZsForInsomnia/vs-code-companion) - Tool for importing VSCode's Markdown prompts into CodeCompanion.
- [3ZsForInsomnia/token-count.nvim](https://github.com/3ZsForInsomnia/token-count.nvim) - Shows the token count for the current buffer, with integrations for Lualine and NeoTree.
- [nishu-murmu/cursor-inline](https://github.com/nishu-murmu/cursor-inline) - Cursor-style inline AI editing. Select code, describe the change, and get an inline, highlighted edit you can accept or reject—similar to Cursor inline workflow.

> - [alsi-lawr/agent-term.nvim](https://github.com/alsi-lawr/agent-term.nvim) - Terminal-agent UI with persistent views, lightweight hook-based editor context, and extensible presents for any native AI TUI.

Reviewer: Small typo: it's "presets", not "presents". After this it's an approval for me.

> - [alsi-lawr/agent-term.nvim](https://github.com/alsi-lawr/agent-term.nvim) - Native terminal-agent UI with persistent float and panel views, editor-context helpers, hooks, and presets for Codex, Claude, Gemini, and OpenCode.

Author: ```suggestion
- [alsi-lawr/agent-term.nvim](https://github.com/alsi-lawr/agent-term.nvim) - Terminal-agent UI with persistent views, lightweight hook-based editor context, and extensible presents for any native AI TUI.
```
